Remove duplicate definition of checkstyle version in use (#88339)
elastic/elasticsearch: BUILDING.md

**The Elasticsearch build will fail if any deprecated Gradle API is used.**

### Follow Gradle best practices

Tony Robalik has compiled a good list of rules that aligns with ours when it comes to writing and maintaining elasticsearch
gradle build logic at http://autonomousapps.com/blog/rules-for-gradle-plugin-authors.html.
Our current build does not yet tick off all those rules everywhere but the ultimate goal is to follow these principles.

> The reasons for following those rules besidesbetter readability or maintenance are also the goal to support newer gradle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reasons for following those rules besides better readability or maintenance are also the goal to support newer gradle
```
